hello I hope you guys are all doing
great this is the nail art design we'll
be working on today it's just a very
simple nail are designed to achieve
let's get started to start off I'm going
to be using a white nail polish and I'm
going to be creating a v-shaped French
manicure
now I'm going to be creating an X shape
over my V French manicure with this
glitter silver nail art polish bye kiss
I'm going to start in this corner and
I'm going to go straight across ending
on the other side I'm going to do the
same thing to the opposite side
I'm just going to cross that area and
end on the other side using this black
nail art polish bye kiss I'm going to be
filling in certain areas going to come
to the center and fill in the center
area first I'm going to begin by
creating a v-shape and I will just fill
it in
you
now I'm going to come to each side and
I'm going to be creating three stripes
you
now I've gone back to the silver network
polish I'm just going to be creating a
stripe in between the black stripes
going to place top coat in the center of
the silver glitter X and I'm going to
place the square rhinestone at an angle
so it looks like a diamond shape right
in the center just placing it like that
all you have left to do is to apply your
top coat sealing in your design I hope
you guys enjoyed this tutorial and try
it out using your favorite colors these
same and I'll see you next time bye
you